[Docs] Translate optim_wrapper.md (#833)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/tutorials/optim_wrapper.md

To enable hybrid precision training, users need to use `AmpOptimWrapper` whose optim_context interface is similar to the `autocast` and it will enable the context for hybrid precision training. In addition, it can accelerate the gradient accumulation during the distributed training, which we will introduce in the next example.

**3.1 Mixed-precision training and gradient accumulation with SGD in PyTorch**

```python
for idx, (input, target) in enumerate(zip(inputs, targets)):
    with autocast():
        output = model(input.cuda())
    loss = F.l1_loss(output, target.cuda())
    loss.backward()
    if idx % 2 == 0:
        optimizer.step()
        optimizer.zero_grad()
```

**3.2 Mixed-precision training and gradient accumulation with OptimWrapper in MMEngine**

```python
optim_wrapper = AmpOptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer, accumulative_counts=2)

for input, target in zip(inputs, targets):
    with optim_wrapper.optim_context(model):
        output = model(input.cuda())
    loss = F.l1_loss(output, target.cuda())
    optim_wrapper.update_params(loss)
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57566630/185608932-91a082d4-1bf4-4329-b283-98fbbc20b5f7.png)

> We only need to configure the `accumulative_counts` parameter and call the `update_params` interface to achieve the gradient accumulation function. Besides, in the distributed training scenario, if we configure the gradient accumulation with `optim_wrapper` context enabled, we can avoid unnecessary gradient synchronization during the gradient accumulation step.

Author: > Also, modify the Chinese docs.

Fixed in the latest commit.

The OptimWrapper also provides a more fine-grained interface for users to customize with their own parameter update logics.

- `backward`: pass in the loss, used for computing the parameter gradient.
- `step`: same as `optimizer.step`, used for updating parameters.
- `zero_grad`: same as `optimizer.zero_grad`, for the parameter gradient.

We can use the above interface to implement the same parameter update logic as the Pytorch optimizer.

```python
for idx, (input, target) in enumerate(zip(inputs, targets)):
    optimizer.zero_grad()
    with optim_wrapper.optim_context(model):
        output = model(input.cuda())
    loss = F.l1_loss(output, target.cuda())
    optim_wrapper.backward(loss)
    if idx % 2 == 0:
        optim_wrapper.step()
        optim_wrapper.zero_grad()
```

> We can also configure a gradient reduction strategy for the OptimWrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also configure a gradient clipping strategy for the OptimWrapper.
```

```python
# based on torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_norm_ method
optim_wrapper = AmpOptimWrapper(
    optimizer=optimizer, clip_grad=dict(max_norm=1))

# based on torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_value_ method
optim_wrapper = AmpOptimWrapper(
    optimizer=optimizer, clip_grad=dict(clip_value=0.2))
```

### Get learning rate/momentum

> The OptimWrapper provides the `get_lr` and `get_momentum` for gettiing the learning rate of a parameter group of the optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OptimWrapper provides the `get_lr` and `get_momentum` for the convenience of getting the learning rate and momentum of the first parameter group in the optimizer.
```

from torch.optim import SGD
from mmengine.optim import OptimWrapper, AmpOptimWrapper

model = nn.Linear(1, 1)
optimizer = SGD(model.parameters(), lr=0.01)

optim_wrapper = OptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)
amp_optim_wrapper = AmpOptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)

# export state dicts
optim_state_dict = optim_wrapper.state_dict()
amp_optim_state_dict = amp_optim_wrapper.state_dict()

print(optim_state_dict)
print(amp_optim_state_dict)
optim_wrapper_new = OptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)
amp_optim_wrapper_new = AmpOptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)

# load state dicts
amp_optim_wrapper_new.load_state_dict(amp_optim_state_dict)
optim_wrapper_new.load_state_dict(optim_state_dict)
```

```
{'state': {}, 'param_groups': [{'lr': 0.01, 'momentum': 0, 'dampening': 0, 'weight_decay': 0, 'nesterov': False, 'maximize': False, 'foreach': None, 'params': [0, 1]}]}
{'state': {}, 'param_groups': [{'lr': 0.01, 'momentum': 0, 'dampening': 0, 'weight_decay': 0, 'nesterov': False, 'maximize': False, 'foreach': None, 'params': [0, 1]}], 'loss_scaler': {'scale': 65536.0, 'growth_factor': 2.0, 'backoff_factor': 0.5, 'growth_interval': 2000, '_growth_tracker': 0}}
```

### Use multiple optimizers

> Considering that algorithms like GANs usually need to use multiple optimizers to train the generator and the discriminator, OptimWrapper provides a container class called `OptimWrapperDict` to manage. `OptimWrapperDict` stores the wrappers in the form of dicts and allows users to access and traverse the elements just like a dict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering that algorithms like GANs usually need to use multiple optimizers to train the generator and the discriminator, MMEngine provides a container class called `OptimWrapperDict` to manage them. `OptimWrapperDict` stores the sub-OptimWrapper in the form of `dict`,  and can be accessed and traversed just like a `dict`.
```

> Unlike regular OptimWrapper, `OptimWrapperDict` does not provide methods such as `update_prarms`, `optim_context`, `backward`, `step`, etc. Plus, it cannot be used directly for training models. We suggest to access the elements in `OptimWrapperDict` directly to implement the parameter update logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike regular OptimWrapper, `OptimWrapperDict` does not provide methods such as `update_prarms`, `optim_context`, `backward`, `step`, etc. therefore, it cannot be used directly to train models. We suggest implementing the logic of parameter updating by accessing the sub-OptimWarpper in `OptimWrapperDict` directly. 
```

> Users may wonder why not just use `dict` to manage multiple optimizers if `OptimWrapperDict` does not have training capabilities. Actually, the core function of `OptimWrapperDict` is to support batch exporting and loading of state dicts of all OptimWrappers, and to support getting learning rates and momentums as well. Without `OptimWrapperDict`, MMEngine needs to do a lot `if-else` in OptimWrapper to get all the states of the OptimWrappers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may wonder why not just use `dict` to manage multiple optimizers since `OptimWrapperDict` does not have training capabilities. Actually, the core function of `OptimWrapperDict` is to support exporting or loading the state dictionary of all sub-OptimWrapper and to support getting learning rates and momentums as well. Without `OptimWrapperDict`, MMEngine needs to do a lot of `if-else` in OptimWrapper to get the states of the `OptimWrappers`.
```

```python
from torch.optim import SGD
import torch.nn as nn

from mmengine.optim import OptimWrapper, OptimWrapperDict

gen = nn.Linear(1, 1)
disc = nn.Linear(1, 1)
optimizer_gen = SGD(gen.parameters(), lr=0.01)
optimizer_disc = SGD(disc.parameters(), lr=0.01)

optim_wapper_gen = OptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer_gen)
optim_wapper_disc = OptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer_disc)
optim_dict = OptimWrapperDict(gen=optim_wapper_gen, disc=optim_wapper_disc)

print(optim_dict.get_lr())  # {'gen.lr': [0.01], 'disc.lr': [0.01]}
print(optim_dict.get_momentum())  # {'gen.momentum': [0], 'disc.momentum': [0]}
```

```
{'gen.lr': [0.01], 'disc.lr': [0.01]}
{'gen.momentum': [0], 'disc.momentum': [0]}
```

> As shown in the above example, `OptimWrapperDict` exports learning rates and momentums for all OptimWrappers easily, and OptimWrappers can export and load all the state dicts in a similar way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the above example, `OptimWrapperDict` exports learning rates and momentums for all OptimWrappers easily, and `OptimWrapperDict` can export and load all the state dicts in a similar way.
```

Also update the Chinese tutorial

### Configure the OptimWapper in [Runner](runner.md)

> We first need to configure the `optimizer` for the OptimWrapper. MMEngine automatically adds all optimizers in PyTorch to the `OPTIMIZERS` registry, and users can specify the optimizers they need in the form of a dict. All supported optimizers in PyTorch are listed [here](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/optim.html#algorithms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We first need to configure the `optimizer` for the OptimWrapper. MMEngine automatically adds all optimizers in PyTorch to the `OPTIMIZERS` registry, and users can specify the optimizers they need in the form of a `dict`. All supported optimizers in PyTorch are listed [here](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/optim.html#algorithms).
```

Now we take setting up a SGD OptimWrapper as an example.

```python
optimizer = dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=0.0001)
optim_wrapper = dict(type='OptimWrapper', optimizer=optimizer)
```

> Here we configured a OptimWrapper with the type of SGD, and other parameters such as learning rate, momentum, etc. Considerting that OptimWrapper is standard single-precision training, we can skip the `type` as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we have set up an OptimWrapper with a SGD optimizer with the learning rate and momentum parameters as specified. Since OptimWrapper is designed for standard single precision training, we can also omit the `type` field in the configuration:
```

```python
optimizer = dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=0.0001)
optim_wrapper = dict(optimizer=optimizer)
```

To enable mixed-precision training and gradient accumulation, we change `type` to `AmpOptimWrapper` and specify the `accumulative_counts` parameter.

```python
optimizer = dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=0.0001)
optim_wrapper = dict(type='AmpOptimWrapper', optimizer=optimizer, accumulative_counts=2)
```

```{note}

> If this is your first tutorial document of MMEngine and you are not familiar with concepts like [configs](../advanced_tutorials/config.md), and [registries](../advanced_tutorials/registry.md), it is recommended to skip the following advanced usage instructuions and finish other documents first. Of course, if you have already familiar with these parts, we highly recommend the advanced part which covers:
> 
> 1. how to customize the learning rate, decay coefficient, and other model parameters of the optimizer in the configuration.
> 2. how to customize the construction policy of the optimizer.
> 
> Apart from the pre-requisite knowledge of the configs and the registries, we also recommend to start the advanced section with a thorough understanding of the parameter in Pytorch's native optimizer construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to reading the MMEngine tutorial and are not familiar with concepts such as[configs](../advanced_tutorials/config.md) and [registries](../advanced_tutorials/registry.md), it is recommended to skip the following advanced tutorials for now and read other documents first. Of course, if you already have a good understanding of this prerequisite knowledge, we highly recommend reading the advanced part which covers::

1. How to customize the learning rate, decay coefficient, and other parameters of the model parameters in the configuration of OptimWrapper.

2. how to customize the construction policy of the optimizer.

Apart from the pre-requisite knowledge of the configs and the registries, it is recommended to have a thorough understanding of the native construction of PyTorch optimizer before starting the advanced tutorials.
```

```

## Advanced usages

> PyTorch's optimizer allows different hyperparameters to be set for each parameter in the model, such as using different learning rates for the backbone and head of a classification model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyTorch's optimizer allows different hyperparameters to be set for each parameter in the model, such as using different learning rates for the backbone and head for a classification model.
```

```python
from torch.optim import SGD
import torch.nn as nn

model = nn.ModuleDict(dict(backbone=nn.Linear(1, 1), head=nn.Linear(1, 1)))
optimizer = SGD([{'params': model.backbone.parameters()},
     {'params': model.head.parameters(), 'lr': 1e-3}],
    lr=0.01,
    momentum=0.9)
```

> In the above example, we set a learning rate of 0.01 for the backbone, while another learning rate of 1e-3 for the head. Users can pass a dict list of parameters and corresponding hyperparameters of different parts of their model to the optimizer to achieve the fine-grained tuning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, we set a learning rate of 0.01 for the backbone, while another learning rate of 1e-3 for the head. Users can pass a list of dictionaries containing the different parts of the model's parameters and their corresponding hyperparameters to the optimizer, allowing for fine-grained adjustment of the model optimization. 
```

> In MMEngine, the optimizer wrapper constructor allows users to set hyperparameters in different parts of the model directly by setting the `paramwise_cfg` in the configuration file rather than by modifying the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MMEngine, the optimizer wrapper constructor allows users to set hyperparameters in different parts of the model directly by setting the `paramwise_cfg` in the configuration file rather than by modifying the code of building the optimizer.
```

### Set different hyperparamters for different types of parameters

> The default optimizer wrapper constructor in MMEngine supports setting different hyperparameters for different types of parameters in the model. For example, we can add `norm_decay_mult=0` in `paramwise_cfg` to set the weight decay factor to 0 for the weight and bias of the normalization layer to implement the trick of not decaying the weight of the normalization layer as mentioned in the [Bag of Tricks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default optimizer wrapper constructor in MMEngine supports setting different hyperparameters for different types of parameters in the model. For example, we can set `norm_decay_mult=0` for `paramwise_cfg` to set the weight decay factor to 0 for the weight and bias of the normalization layer to implement the trick of not decaying the weight of the normalization layer as mentioned in the [Bag of Tricks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.01187).
```

            OrderedDict(
                linear=nn.Linear(1, 1),
                bn=nn.BatchNorm1d(1)))

optim_wrapper = dict(
    optimizer=dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, weight_decay=0.0001),
    paramwise_cfg=dict(norm_decay_mult=0))
optimizer = build_optim_wrapper(ToyModel(), optim_wrapper)
```

```
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer0.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer0.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:weight_decay=0.0
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:weight_decay=0.0
```

In addition to configuring the weight decay, `paramwise_cfg` of MMEngine's default optimizer wrapper constructor supports the following hyperparameters as well.

> `lr_mult`: learning rate for all parameters.
> 
> `decay_mult`: decay coefficient for all parameters.
> 
> `bias_lr_mult`: learning rate coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.
> 
> `bias_decay_mult`: weight decay coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.
> 
> `norm_decay_mult`: weight decay coefficient for weights and bias of the normalization layer, default to 1.
> 
> `dwconv_decay_mult`: decay coefficient of the depth-wise convolution, default to 1.
> 
> `bypass_duplicate`: whether to skip duplicate parameters, default to `False`.
> 
> `dcn_offset_lr_mult`: learning rate of the deformable convolution, default to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`lr_mult`: Learning rate for all parameters.

`decay_mult`: Decay coefficient for all parameters.

`bias_lr_mult`: Learning rate coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.

`bias_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.

`norm_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient for weights and bias of the normalization layer, default to 1.

`dwconv_decay_mult`: Decay coefficient of the depth-wise convolution, default to 1.

`bypass_duplicate`: Whether to skip duplicate parameters, default to `False`.

`dcn_offset_lr_mult`: Learning rate of the deformable convolution, default to 1.
```

08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:lr_mult=1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.weight:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.weight:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.weight:lr_mult=0.1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr_mult=0.1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:lr_mult=0.1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:lr_mult=0.1
```

> The state dict of the above model can be printed as this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state dictionary of the above model can be printed as this:
```

```python
for name, val in ToyModel().named_parameters():
    print(name)
```

```
backbone.layer0.weight
backbone.layer0.bias
backbone.layer1.weight
backbone.layer1.bias
head.linear.weight
head.linear.bias
head.bn.weight
head.bn.bias
```

Each field in `custom_keys` is defined as follows.

> 1. `'backbone': dict(lr_mult=1)`: set the learning rate of the parameter whose name is prefixed with `backbone` to 1.
> 2. `'backbone.layer0': dict(lr_mult=0, decay_mult=0)`: set the learning rate of the parameter with the prefix `backbone.layer0` to 0 and the decay coefficient to 0. This configuration has a higher priority than the first one.
> 3. `'head': dict(lr_mult=0.1)`: set the learning rate of the parameter whose name is prefixed with `head` to 0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `'backbone': dict(lr_mult=1)`: Set the learning rate of the parameter whose name is prefixed with `backbone` to 1.
2. `'backbone.layer0': dict(lr_mult=0, decay_mult=0)`: Set the learning rate of the parameter with the prefix `backbone.layer0` to 0 and the decay coefficient to 0. This configuration has a higher priority than the first one.
3. `'head': dict(lr_mult=0.1)`: Set the learning rate of the parameter whose name is prefixed with `head` to 0.1.
```

### Customize optimizer construction policies

> Like other modules in MMEngine, the optimizer wrapper constructor is also managed by the [registry](./param_scheduler.md). We can customize the hyperparameter policies by implementing custom optimizer wrapper constructors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like other modules in MMEngine, the optimizer wrapper constructor is also managed by the [registry](../advanced_tutorial/registry.md). We can customize the hyperparameter policies by implementing custom optimizer wrapper constructors.
```

Also update the Chinese tutorial

            param_group['params'] = [param]
            param_group['lr'] = lr
            params.append(param_group)
            full_name = f'{prefix}.{name}' if prefix else name
            print_log(f'{full_name} : lr={lr}', logger='current')

        for name, module in module.named_children():
            chiled_prefix = f'{prefix}.{name}' if prefix else name
            self.add_params(
                params, module, chiled_prefix, lr=lr * self.decay_factor)

class ToyModel(nn.Module):

    def __init__(self) -> None:
        super().__init__()
        self.layer = nn.ModuleDict(dict(linear=nn.Linear(1, 1)))
        self.linear = nn.Linear(1, 1)

model = ToyModel()

optim_wrapper = dict(
    optimizer=dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, weight_decay=0.0001),
    paramwise_cfg=dict(decay_factor=0.5),
    constructor='LayerDecayOptimWrapperConstructor')

optimizer = build_optim_wrapper(model, optim_wrapper)
```

```
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - layer.linear.weight : lr=0.0025
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - layer.linear.bias : lr=0.0025
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - linear.weight : lr=0.005
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - linear.bias : lr=0.005
```

> When `add_params` is called for the first time, the `params` parameter is an empty `list` and the `module` is a `model`. Refer to the [Optimizer Wrapper Constructor Documentation](mmengine.optim.DefaultOptimWrapperConstructor) for detailed overloading explanations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `add_params` is called for the first time, the `params` argument is an empty `list` and the `module` is the `ToyModel` instance. Refer to the [Optimizer Wrapper Constructor Documentation](mmengine.optim.DefaultOptimWrapperConstructor) for detailed overloading explanations.
```

The `OptimWrapper.update_params` achieves the standard process for gradient computation, parameter updating, and gradient zeroing, which can be used to update the model parameters directly.

**2.1 Mixed-precision training with SGD in PyTorch**

```python
from torch.cuda.amp import autocast

model = model.cuda()
inputs = [torch.zeros(10, 1, 1, 1)] * 10
targets = [torch.ones(10, 1, 1, 1)] * 10

for input, target in zip(inputs, targets):
    with autocast():
        output = model(input.cuda())
    loss = F.l1_loss(output, target.cuda())
    loss.backward()
    optimizer.step()
    optimizer.zero_grad()
```

**2.2 Mixed-precision training with OptimWrapper in MMEngine**

```python
from mmengine.optim import AmpOptimWrapper

optim_wrapper = AmpOptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)

for input, target in zip(inputs, targets):
    with optim_wrapper.optim_context(model):
        output = model(input.cuda())
    loss = F.l1_loss(output, target.cuda())
    optim_wrapper.update_params(loss)
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57566630/185606060-2fdebd90-c17a-4a8c-aaf1-540d47975c59.png)

> To enable hybrid precision training, users need to use `AmpOptimWrapper.optim_context ` which is similar to the `autocast` for enabling the context for hybrid precision training. In addition, `AmpOptimWrapper.optim_context `can accelerate the gradient accumulation during the distributed training, which will be introduced in the next example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable mixed precision training, users need to use `AmpOptimWrapper.optim_context ` which is similar to the `autocast` for enabling the context for mixed precision training. In addition, `AmpOptimWrapper.optim_context` can accelerate the gradient accumulation during the distributed training, which will be introduced in the next example.
```

from torch.optim import SGD
from mmengine.optim import OptimWrapper, AmpOptimWrapper

model = nn.Linear(1, 1)
optimizer = SGD(model.parameters(), lr=0.01)

optim_wrapper = OptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)
amp_optim_wrapper = AmpOptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)

# export state dicts
optim_state_dict = optim_wrapper.state_dict()
amp_optim_state_dict = amp_optim_wrapper.state_dict()

print(optim_state_dict)
print(amp_optim_state_dict)
optim_wrapper_new = OptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)
amp_optim_wrapper_new = AmpOptimWrapper(optimizer=optimizer)

# load state dicts
amp_optim_wrapper_new.load_state_dict(amp_optim_state_dict)
optim_wrapper_new.load_state_dict(optim_state_dict)
```

```
{'state': {}, 'param_groups': [{'lr': 0.01, 'momentum': 0, 'dampening': 0, 'weight_decay': 0, 'nesterov': False, 'maximize': False, 'foreach': None, 'params': [0, 1]}]}
{'state': {}, 'param_groups': [{'lr': 0.01, 'momentum': 0, 'dampening': 0, 'weight_decay': 0, 'nesterov': False, 'maximize': False, 'foreach': None, 'params': [0, 1]}], 'loss_scaler': {'scale': 65536.0, 'growth_factor': 2.0, 'backoff_factor': 0.5, 'growth_interval': 2000, '_growth_tracker': 0}}
```

### Use multiple optimizers

> Considering that algorithms like GANs usually need to use multiple optimizers to train the generator and the discriminator, MMEngine provides a container class called `OptimWrapperDict` to manage them. `OptimWrapperDict` stores the sub-OptimWrapper in the form of `dict`,  and can be accessed and traversed just like a `dict`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Considering that algorithms like GANs usually need to use multiple optimizers to train the generator and the discriminator, MMEngine provides a container class called `OptimWrapperDict` to manage them. `OptimWrapperDict` stores the sub-OptimWrapper in the form of `dict`, and can be accessed and traversed just like a `dict`.
```

> Unlike regular OptimWrapper, `OptimWrapperDict` does not provide methods such as `update_prarms`, `optim_context`, `backward`, `step`, etc. therefore, it cannot be used directly to train models. We suggest implementing the logic of parameter updating by accessing the sub-OptimWarpper in `OptimWrapperDict` directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike regular OptimWrapper, `OptimWrapperDict` does not provide methods such as `update_prarms`, `optim_context`, `backward`, `step`, etc. Therefore, it cannot be used directly to train models. We suggest implementing the logic of parameter updating by accessing the sub-OptimWarpper in `OptimWrapperDict` directly.
```

Now we take setting up a SGD OptimWrapper as an example.

```python
optimizer = dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=0.0001)
optim_wrapper = dict(type='OptimWrapper', optimizer=optimizer)
```

Here we have set up an OptimWrapper with a SGD optimizer with the learning rate and momentum parameters as specified. Since OptimWrapper is designed for standard single precision training, we can also omit the `type` field in the configuration:

```python
optimizer = dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=0.0001)
optim_wrapper = dict(optimizer=optimizer)
```

To enable mixed-precision training and gradient accumulation, we change `type` to `AmpOptimWrapper` and specify the `accumulative_counts` parameter.

```python
optimizer = dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, momentum=0.9, weight_decay=0.0001)
optim_wrapper = dict(type='AmpOptimWrapper', optimizer=optimizer, accumulative_counts=2)
```

```{note}

> If you are new to reading the MMEngine tutorial and are not familiar with concepts such as[configs](../advanced_tutorials/config.md) and [registries](../advanced_tutorials/registry.md), it is recommended to skip the following advanced tutorials for now and read other documents first. Of course, if you already have a good understanding of this prerequisite knowledge, we highly recommend reading the advanced part which covers::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are new to reading the MMEngine tutorial and are not familiar with concepts such as [configs](../advanced_tutorials/config.md) and [registries](../advanced_tutorials/registry.md), it is recommended to skip the following advanced tutorials for now and read other documents first. Of course, if you already have a good understanding of this prerequisite knowledge, we highly recommend reading the advanced part which covers::
```

        super().__init__()
        self.backbone = nn.ModuleDict(
            dict(layer0=nn.Linear(1, 1), layer1=nn.Linear(1, 1)))
        self.head = nn.Sequential(
            OrderedDict(
                linear=nn.Linear(1, 1),
                bn=nn.BatchNorm1d(1)))

optim_wrapper = dict(
    optimizer=dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, weight_decay=0.0001),
    paramwise_cfg=dict(norm_decay_mult=0))
optimizer = build_optim_wrapper(ToyModel(), optim_wrapper)
```

```
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer0.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer0.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:weight_decay=0.0
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:weight_decay=0.0
```

> In addition to configuring the weight decay, `paramwise_cfg` of MMEngine's default optimizer wrapper constructor supports the following hyperparameters as well.

Reviewer 2: Please refer to Chinese docs to update the default values of the following hyperparameters.

Author: > Please refer to Chinese docs to update the default values of the following hyperparameters.

updated in the latest commit.

`lr_mult`: Learning rate for all parameters.

`decay_mult`: Decay coefficient for all parameters.

`bias_lr_mult`: Learning rate coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.

`bias_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.

> `norm_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient for weights and bias of the normalization layer, default to 1.
> 
> `dwconv_decay_mult`: Decay coefficient of the depth-wise convolution, default to 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`norm_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient for weights and bias of the normalization layer, default to 1.

`flat_decay_mult`: xxx.

`dwconv_decay_mult`: Decay coefficient of the depth-wise convolution, default to 1.
```

08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:lr_mult=1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.weight:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.weight:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.weight:lr_mult=0.1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr_mult=0.1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:lr_mult=0.1
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:lr=0.001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:lr_mult=0.1
```

> The state dictionary of the above model can be printed as this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The state dictionary of the above model can be printed as the following:
```

        super().__init__()
        self.layer = nn.ModuleDict(dict(linear=nn.Linear(1, 1)))
        self.linear = nn.Linear(1, 1)

model = ToyModel()

optim_wrapper = dict(
    optimizer=dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, weight_decay=0.0001),
    paramwise_cfg=dict(decay_factor=0.5),
    constructor='LayerDecayOptimWrapperConstructor')

optimizer = build_optim_wrapper(model, optim_wrapper)
```

```
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - layer.linear.weight : lr=0.0025
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - layer.linear.bias : lr=0.0025
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - linear.weight : lr=0.005
08/23 22:20:26 - mmengine - INFO - linear.bias : lr=0.005
```

When `add_params` is called for the first time, the `params` argument is an empty `list` and the `module` is the `ToyModel` instance. Please refer to the [Optimizer Wrapper Constructor Documentation](mmengine.optim.DefaultOptimWrapperConstructor) for detailed explanations on overloading.

Similarly, if we want to construct multiple optimizers, we also need to implement a custom constructor.

```python
@OPTIM_WRAPPER_CONSTRUCTORS.register_module()
class MultipleOptimiWrapperConstructor:
    ...
```

### Adjust hyperparameters during training

> The hyperparameters in the optimizer can only be set to a fixed value at the time it is constructed, and you cannot adjust parameters such as the learning rate during training by just using the optimizer wrapper. In MMEngine, we have implemented a parameter scheduler which allows tuning of parameters during training. For the usage of the parameter scheduler, please refer to the [Optimizer Parameter Tuning Strategy](./param_scheduler.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The hyperparameters in the optimizer can only be set to a fixed value at the time it is constructed, and you cannot adjust parameters such as the learning rate during training by just using the optimizer wrapper. In MMEngine, we have implemented a parameter scheduler that allows the tuning of parameters during training. For the usage of the parameter scheduler, please refer to the [Parameter Scheduler](./param_scheduler.md)
```

optim_wrapper = dict(
    optimizer=dict(type='SGD', lr=0.01, weight_decay=0.0001),
    paramwise_cfg=dict(norm_decay_mult=0))
optimizer = build_optim_wrapper(ToyModel(), optim_wrapper)
```

```
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer0.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer0.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- backbone.layer1.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:lr=0.01
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.linear.bias:weight_decay=0.0001
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.weight:weight_decay=0.0
08/23 22:02:43 - mmengine - INFO - paramwise_options -- head.bn.bias:weight_decay=0.0
```

In addition to configuring the weight decay, `paramwise_cfg` of MMEngine's default optimizer wrapper constructor supports the following hyperparameters as well.

`lr_mult`: Learning rate for all parameters.

`decay_mult`: Decay coefficient for all parameters.

> `bias_lr_mult`: Learning rate coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.
> 
> `bias_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution), default to 1.
> 
> `norm_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient for weights and bias of the normalization layer, default to 1.
> 
> `flat_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient of the one-dimension parameters.
> 
> `dwconv_decay_mult`: Decay coefficient of the depth-wise convolution, default to 1.
> 
> `bypass_duplicate`: Whether to skip duplicate parameters, default to `False`.
> 
> `dcn_offset_lr_mult`: Learning rate of the deformable convolution, default to 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`bias_lr_mult`: Learning rate coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution).

`bias_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient of the bias (excluding bias of normalization layer and offset of the deformable convolution).

`norm_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient for weights and bias of the normalization layer.

`flat_decay_mult`: Weight decay coefficient of the one-dimension parameters.

`dwconv_decay_mult`: Decay coefficient of the depth-wise convolution.

`bypass_duplicate`: Whether to skip duplicate parameters, default to `False`.

`dcn_offset_lr_mult`: Learning rate of the deformable convolution.
```
